Move debugging section of OpenMPI faq to new section in user documentation (#11082)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/app-debug/valgrind.rst

Using Valgrind to Find Open MPI Application Errors
==================================================

> The `Valgrind <https://valgrind.org/>_` utilities may be useful in identifying application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Valgrind <https://valgrind.org/>`_ utilities may be useful in identifying application
```

Reviewer: Looks good now.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4259120/204340639-d0b6231a-bd75-41dc-bf94-fbca00eaa801.png)

> The `Valgrind <https://valgrind.org/>` utilities may be useful in identify application
> logic errors Howver, there are many situations where Open MPI purposefully does

Reviewer: Fix a couple of typo, and one formatting issue in the URL.
```suggestion
The `Valgrind <https://valgrind.org>`_ utilities may be useful in identifying application
logic errors. However, there are many situations where Open MPI purposefully does
```

Reviewer: I don't see these changes in the latest push.

The `_` after the URL is needed for it to render as a link. Currently it renders as italic text
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4259120/204328915-672501b6-6e06-4ace-b0e8-1e97f23f6ab2.png)
